As
the
weather
turns
warmer.
Many
people
love
to
head
outdoors,
to
dig
in the
dirt,
plant
seeds
and
watch
them
grow.
Gardening
is
a
very
popular
hobby,
and
it is
one
that
produces
wonderful
results.
Food
for your
dinner
table
and
flowers
for
your
home
gardens
themselves
can
be
very
beautiful.
So
you would
think
that
a
garden
path
is a
great
place
to
be.
Well,
in
conversation
it
is
not.
Leading
someone
up the
garden
path
means
you
are
trying
to
trick
them.
You
are
not
trying
to
show
them
your
beautiful
flowers.
Speaking
of
beautiful
flowers,
gardeners
love
to
see
small
buds
forming
on their
plants.
Besides
plants
and
flowers,
people
can
bud,
too.
If
a
child
is
good at
drawing
and
painting,
we
can
call
him
a
budding
artist.
Or
if
someone
just
completed
law
school,
we
can
call
her
a
budding
lawyer.
So
budding
describes
something
that
is
beginning
to
develop.
On
the
opposite
end,
you
stop
something
from
growing
if
you
nip
it
in the
bud.
This
is a
common
expression
when
we
talk
about
stopping
something
bad
and
preventing
it from
continuing.
It's
good
to
nip
small
problems
in the
bud
before
they
turn
into
big
problems.
Now.
Flowers
that
bloom
are
beautiful
to
see.
Even
garden
variety
flowers.
Garden
variety
describes
anything
that
is
common
and
not
so
special.
You
can
have
a
garden
variety
cold.
Not
a
serious
illness.
You
can
have
a
garden
variety
problem
at
work.
Nothing
special.
Just
a
common
problem
with a
colleague.
Now,
a
problem
that
many
gardeners
have
is
weeds.
Weeds
grow
easily
and
can
quickly
take
over
a
garden.
In
conversation,
we
sometimes
use
weeds
to
mean
too
many
details.
So
if
you
are
in the
weeds,
you
are
taken
over
by
too
many
details.
Often
we
put
ourselves
in the
weeds.
That
usually
happens
when
someone
knows
a
lot
about a
topic.
For
example,
let's
say
a
politician
is
giving
a
speech
on
affordable
housing,
but
she
gives
too
much
information
on the
legislative
process
needed
to
accomplish
her
goal.
You
could
say
she
is
really
in the
weeds.
People
stopped
listening
to her
minutes
ago.
They
just
want to
know
if they
are going
to be
able
to buy
a
house
or
not.
They
are
not
interested
in
all
these
boring
details,
from
politics
to
sports
movies.
You
can
be
in the
weeds
on
any
topic.
As
we
said,
weeds
grow
quickly.
So
do
children.
So
we
like to
say
that a
child
grows
like
a
weed.
This
expression
compares
a
child's
fast
growth
to
that
of a
weed.
Saying
a
child
grows
like a
weed,
does
not
compare
a
child
to a
weed
in
any
other
way,
like
being
annoying
or
unwanted.
So
you can
use
it with
family,
friends
or
even
at
work.
As
you
talk
about
your
boss's
child,
some
weeds
may
not
be
pretty
to
look
at,
but
flowers
in
full
bloom
are
beautiful
blooms
that
appear
later
than
others
can
be
among
the
most
surprising.
When
a
person
is a
late
bloomer,
it
means
they
become
successful,
attractive,
or
develop
a
skill
at
a
later
time
in
life
than
other
people.
So
being
a late
bloomer
is a
good
thing.
Being
a
blooming
idiot
is
not.
This
insult
describes
someone
who
is
lacking
in
common
sense,
severely
lacking.
Now
let's
hear
some of
these
expressions
used
in a
short
dialogue.
Thanks
for
inviting
me out
for a
walk.
I
didn't
know
this
park
had
such
beautiful
flower
gardens.
I
know.
Nobody
knows
it's
here.
It's
like a
hidden
treasure
in the
city.
And
I
really
need
to
walk
off
some of
my
mom's
home
cooking.
I
ate
so
much
on
my
trip
home
last
weekend.
How
is
everyone
back
home?
Oh,
they're
doing
fine.
I
hadn't
seen
my
sister
and her
son
for
a
long
time,
so
it was
nice to
catch up
with
them.
How
old is
your
nephew?
He
just
turned
and
he
is
growing
like
a
weed.
He's
taller
than
I
am
now
and
he's
so
smart.
He
actually
gave
me a
great
business
idea
that
turned
out
to be
the
perfect
solution
for a
problem
I was
having.
Sounds
like your
nephew
is a
budding
businessman.
He
totally
is.
His
ideas
have been
better
than a
woman
on my
development
team.
I
actually
had to
fire
her
last
week.
What
happened?
Well,
it was
strange.
She
was
fine
when you
talked
with
her
one on
one.
But
every
time
we
met
with
buyers,
she
turned
into
a
blooming
idiot.
Blooming
idiot?
I
haven't
heard
that in
a
long
time.
What
did she
do?
Well,
at
client
meetings,
she
would
make
strange
noises
like
a
bird
when
others
were
talking.
Then
when she
wanted
to
make a
strong
point,
she
would
throw
pencils
around
the
room.
I
mean,
who
does
that?
A
blooming
idiot.
Exactly.
And
she
wasn't
your
garden
variety
idiot.
What
was so
special
about
her
idiocy?
She
seemed
mentally
unstable,
so
I
nipped
that
problem
in the
bud.
It's
best
to take
care of
a
problem
like
that
quickly.
I'm
sure you
made the
right
decision.
Your
business
has been
really
successful.
You
must
really
love
what you
do.
I
And
when it
comes
to my
career,
you could
say
I'm a
late
bloomer.
When
I was
younger,
I
had
so
many
jobs
that
I
hated.
It
took
me
much
longer
than
other
people
to
find
work
that I
love.
I'd
rather
be a
late
bloomer.
I
went to
high
school
with a
girl
who
had
perfect
grades,
was
a
superstar
athlete
and
was
also
the
prettiest
and
most
popular
girl
in
school.
But
I think
the
pressure
to
succeed
after
such
a
great
high
school
experience
was
too
much
for
her.
What
happened
to
her?
She
kind
of
gave
up.
I've
heard
that
she's
been
married
three
times,
is
unemployed
and
has a
serious
drinking
problem.
Sorry
to drag
you into
the
weeds.
That's
way
too much
information
about
someone
you don't
know.
That's
okay.
I went
to
school
with a
similar
guy.
It
sometimes
happens
to
people
who
bloom
too
soon.
Good
to
be
a
late
bloomer.